OSDOCS-14732-2: Updates GitOps version MicroShift 4.15-4.16 (#94528)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-install-rpms-gitops.adoc

[id="microshift-installing-rpms-for-gitops_{context}"]
= Installing the GitOps Argo CD manifests from an RPM package

> You can use a lightweight version of OpenShift GitOps with {microshift-short} to help manage your applications by installing the `microshift-gitops` RPM package. The `microshift-gitops` RPM package includes the necessary manifests to run core Argo CD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a lightweight version of OpenShift GitOps with {microshift-short} to manage your applications by installing the `microshift-gitops` RPM package. The `microshift-gitops` RPM package includes the  manifests required to run core Argo CD.
```

[IMPORTANT]
====
The Argo CD CLI is not available on {microshift-short}. This process installs basic GitOps functions.
====

.Prerequisites

* You installed {microshift-short} version 4.14 or higher
* You configured 250MB RAM of additional storage

.Procedure

> . Enable the GitOps repository with the subscription manager by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enable the GitOps repository with the subscription manager by running the following command:
```
procedure uses "running the following command" and verification has "entering the following command". Consistency is to be maintained.

Author: Because the verification step has running twice, so we use the second "entering" for sentence variety. This comment is out of scope, as this content was not updated.

+
[source,terminal,subs="attributes+"]
----
$ sudo subscription-manager repos --enable=gitops-{gitops-ver}-for-rhel-9-$(uname -m)-rpms
----

> . Install the GitOps package by running the following command:

Author: out of scope

$ sudo dnf install -y microshift-gitops
----

> . To deploy Argo CD pods, restart {microshift-short} by running the following command:

Reviewer: same comment as above

.Verification

> * Verify that your pods are running properly by entering the following command:

Reviewer: The procedure above uses "running the following command" and verification has "entering the following command". Consistency is to be maintained.

> * Verify that your pods are running properly by entering the following command:

Author: Hm I'm betting this should be "your Argo CD pods" but that can be another round.
